This is the exquisite feast
The actions of these four major families are really extraordinary
Our old Lin family can come here today
Thanks to Jiaojiao, hahahahahahaha
But he raised a good daughter, hahaha dad
Our neighbors are not all white-eyed wolves
I can't do it myself
Even my daughter can't control it
After the performance
I will withdraw from the position of general manager of Teacher Lin
Change to tutor
Ouch, thank you, hahaha, then I'm here.
Wang Shao is really extraordinary
You can inherit the Wang family property at a young age
The Wang family came today
We must not be able to compete
In the future, Wang Shao
I'm afraid it's going to become the fifth largest family in Nanyu?
Grandpa is fine
Today, thank you Wang Shao for bringing us here
Old man, I have no regrets in this life
Hahaha hey
What are you saying, old man?
What about our Wang family?
I'm about to become in-laws with your neighbor
From now on we are family
The family doesn't speak two languages
Yes, yes, speaking of it?
Or is our Lin family sorry for Wang Shao?
From today onwards, Master Li's family will be removed
Master Li
This is what happens when you offend my Wang Fan
Until you are kicked out of the Lin family
I will never let you go.
Don't be angry.
Master Lin doesn't follow Wang Shao, that's because he's not lucky
Can't come to this kind of banquet
I can't even smell the tea before I enter the door
Who is selling tea here?